Documentation about encryption (#193)
supabase-community/supabase-flutter: README.md

### Custom LocalStorage

> As default, `supabase_flutter` uses [`hive`](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) to persist user session. Encryption is disabled by default, since it's necessary a unique key we can not define. To set an `encryptionKey`, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As default, `supabase_flutter` uses [`hive`](https://pub.dev/packages/hive) to persist user session. Encryption is disabled by default, since a unique encryption key is necessary, and we can not define it. To set an `encryptionKey`, do the following:
```

);
```

> You can use also `EmptyLocalStorage` to disable session persistance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `EmptyLocalStorage` to disable session persistance:
```
